hey guys and welcome to one kitchen I'm
Julia and today is my episode number 100
so what better way to celebrate back
than making a delicious pepperoni pizza
so let's get going so for my pepperoni
pizza I'll be using some doing flour and
wheat flour some dry yeast salt lukewarm
water and here I have a starter dough
which I already made yesterday you have
to make that at least eight hours before
you have to use it and all you have to
do is to mix some wheat flour with a new
pond water and some dry yeast stir it
around and sit in the fridge overnight
or just for 8 hours and for my filling
I'll be using some homemade tomato sauce
some pepperoni and some shredded cheese
I have already made this sauce in here
before so I will just leave a link for
that down below in my description so for
my dough I will start with adding in my
dry yeast and my lukewarm water and it
set for around 5 minutes and now our
adding my salt and my starter dough and
I'll just give it a good mix
just like that and now I add in all of
my wheat flour all of my flour and I'll
just keep stirring until I have a sticky
dough and then I will cover it up and
let it rise for about 45 minutes so our
pizza dough is not on rising after 45
minutes and I have always fit my dough
into three portions and I have wrote one
of them out I'm using a pizza stone in
my oven but if you don't have a pizza
stone you can just use a regular baking
sheet my oven is already preheated at
230 degrees C Commission oven I've just
transferred my pizza dough over to a
pizza Spade here and I'm just going I'm
just going to add some of my homemade
tomato sauce and then some cheese and
then Don with some pepperoni
I'm going to bake this in the oven for
around 10 minutes but if you don't use a
piece of stone it might take a few
minutes more look at that doesn't that
look so so good um it has a lot of air
bubbles and that is what I want in this
pizza dough it's just so so fluffy and
good and now I'll just serve it up
sorry laryngitis recipe for my delicious
100 episode pepperoni pizza and
everyone's making this yourself just go
to a description and you will find all
the ingredients down there don't forget
subscribe my channel here because I
upload every day so don't miss out and I
hope to see you all again soon bye